Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to
ignite 2016. Our mission at
Microsoft is to empower every
person and every organization
on the planet to be able to
achieve more. Empowerments at the
core of everything that we do.
And today it ignite we're going
to focus on the work we're
doing here at Microsoft to
enable you to use technology
to deliver amazing solutions.
Solutions that enable even more
personal computing. Solutions that
enable you to reinvent productivity
and business processes within
your organizations. Solutions that
take advantage of an intelligent
cloud platform. And above all,
solutions that enable
each of you to deliver
transformational impact that
dramatically accelerates your customers
and your organizations and makes it the
heroes within every company. So what do
I mean by transformational impact?
Well, there's many different ways that
you can use digital technology to
deliver transformational impact.